Closes #3067 move vignettes to articles [create website] (#3068)
pharmaverse/admiral: NEWS.md

## Documentation

- The following new and existing User Guides have been changed from vignettes to articles, meaning they are no longer accessible

> offline via `vignette("vignette_name")`:

Reviewer: This section comes up with odd spacing in the rendered website: 

<img width="1251" height="325" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ecea9543-ed0a-4064-86a5-55b359217323" />

Author: I think it's a markdown quirk? See for example existing bullet point below:
<img width="836" height="617" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ad3805d1-a7b3-415e-aafa-77208c2b1f25" />
I'm not sure how to fix it.

Reviewer 2: It could be changed by updating the CSS file (most likely by changing `margin-bottom` style of the `<ul>` element). I'm not sure if we want to do it?

Author: Could look into as a separate point

## Documentation

- The following new and existing User Guides have been changed from vignettes to articles, meaning they are no longer accessible
offline via `vignette("vignette_name")`:

  - Creating an ADAB ADaM
  - Estimands (new)
  

>    This helps keep the size of `{admiral}` under 5MB. The articles are still accessible through the User Guides section of the 

Reviewer 3: I don't think we should mention the size ceiling - can we just say something about minimizing the size of admiral

Author: updated

>    This helps keep the size of `{admiral}` under 5MB. The articles are still accessible through the User Guides section of the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   This helps minimize the size of `{admiral}` for installation. The articles are still accessible through the User Guides section of the 
```

[admiral website](https://pharmaverse.github.io/admiral/cran-release/). (#3067)

- The documentation for `derive_var_merged_ef_msrc()` was enhanced with structured examples covering `flag_events` with multiple sources, customizing `true_value`, `false_value`, and `missing_value`, and per-source `by_vars` renaming. (#2906)

- Fix `UDTC` derivation in `ADPPK` to use source domain `DTC` variables. (#3011)

- Fixed example in `derive_var_nfrlt()` to use `NA_character_` instead of `""` for missing unit values, consistent with the admiral programming strategy. (#3027)

> - New web-only Estimands article added, describing possible implementations of estimands with `{admiral}` code. (#2954)

Reviewer 3: nice touch!
